Next up we'll see how we can chain requests one after another and avoid the messy callback situation
that we had here.
Using example HP request really that the main selling point of fetch that we don't have to use callbacks
and Ness things and it just gets messy.
Instead we can use the promises and chain a bunch of events as long as we return promises from that.
So if we go with the exact same idea what we had here.
If we look at each planet why don't we console that log the entire planet instead of just the name or
in addition to the name and also make sure we're actually requesting a valid you are well now here we
go.
Each planet as we saw has films and also residents we could request residents instead let's do films
and we'll just look at the first film that the planet occurs in.
So we have all the run two films.
We'll take the first one just to match what we did earlier and send a request to this.
You are out so with promises.
We always have a lot of flexibility.
Do we want to do everything on one level.
Like one line of events.
Right now we have a.
Then that is currently nested inside of this callback but we could avoid that if we wanted to.
If we just return the promise we can actually take this dog then and move it outside.
Put it here as long as we return response that Jason which is a promise and doesn't like my semicolon.
There we go.
So now we return this promise and we add our dog then which will be run when this promise is resolved
and if it's rejected we have our catch.
So we just moved our code out and made it a little bit flatter I guess less nested and it should still
work.
Let's check.
It does.
Okay.
So now what we can do is make our request.
We can still print the planet names out if we want but I think I'll stop that for now.
We're going to take the data that results that films zero which should give us a euro that we can now
request.
Let's console that log and cannot read property zero of undefined.
Let's see then data counsel that log data
I think I did it wrong results.
That's why I'm not accessing the correct result.
We have to go to the first planet if we want the first planet we could also pick a different planet
but we'll go with the first one to match what we did here.
So this should work now.
Let's make sure I'm getting the correct.
You are I'll print it out.
There it is.
So we'll send another request here using fetch.
So fetch of this U.R.L. I'll save this to a variable.
What should we call it.
Let's go with concert film.
You are Elf and fetch film.
You are out now.
This is a promise.
So I could put my dog then right here and do all that stuff nested or because it's a promise I can return
it.
So return that fetch and then put another dot down here and we'll call this data.
Also we could call it movie data and then we can go through this exact same process.
I could actually just copy this entire thing and response is a better name rather than data because
that's what we actually get if Fetch is resolved it resolves with the response object we have to check
if it's OK then we pass it we call the Jason method which itself returns a promise so we can add another
then data.
Why don't we counseled out log data OK.
Moment of truth here
a take a look.
We're getting all of that movie data so we requested all the planets.
Which I guess I can add some council that logs in here.
We'll do a council that log fetched all planets.
Well it's actually first 10 then down here we can console that log fetched first film based off of first
planet and then we'll just do data title refresh fed to our planet's first 10 then fetched first film
based off of first planet Revenge Of The Sith.
So here we have multiple requests that are happening one after another but there's not really any nesting.
It's all very flat.
Yes we have some repeated logic or we have this where we are checking for the response being OK we're
checking for a we're passing that Jason we duplicate that at least twice and if we made further requests
we'd want to do the same thing.
But in the next video I'll show you a way we can refactor it and clean it up even more so here really
if we're making a comparison the main points I would make is one I can never remember the syntax I can
never remember the different pieces we need the names but that's just me.
So that's not a great reason.
The main reason that I think Fetch is much better and almost everyone I think would agree with me is
that we have promises that are returned from fact we can use those promises we can keep things flat
linear non nested even though this code here where we make a request to get the film based off of this
first request.
This only runs if this happened.
So if everything was OK here we got the Jason that finishes.
Then we make a second request and we could have ten different requests that are dependent on one another
but we don't have to nest them ten callbacks deep like we would up here.
So next we'll see a way of refactoring this and shortening it up then we'll move on to my personal favorite
axioms the crowning jewel of making requests in my opinion.